this is the water churning the water
just churning here in the slips
whoa holy cow here comes the wave come
on pie whoa
Wow look at about that
this is at the dock and we have some
serious water coming in
this wave is coming all the way from
Chile and we're in the natural harbour
right now it's starting to slow again
now maybe not
we're not holding a pretty steady camera
angle here but in the past just couple
of minutes
we're going to show you just really
quickly how much water is coming in here
you can see how fast this is rolling in
and as it's coming in you can see even
the dock is raising up the water level
is just rising incredibly fast rate
Wow that boat is moving
this is going to be a challenging
docking for these guys
spirit decision we're going to go down
the other end of the dock real quick
Callanetics is holding tight to her
lines she's doing great weather and all
of this here these guys go to chopper up
in the air and the rate is finally
starting to slow speed of the tide is
slowing does to touch the water is still
coming in
so if I just spin the biggest of the
waves what was that
they're letting a sailboat come in they
said and after that they got to close it
off but they're letting this guy come in
they said good luck Wow
so oh here comes island packets it just
made it in yeah alright it looks like
we're getting a little bit of a slack
right now and the height of the pilings
is just about to its highest point
although it may continue up higher but
you can see the height of the pilots
right now we'll see how much we dip back
down we should maybe put a marble on the
pilings see where we're at
I did